Xu Chuan
Are you a human or a ghost?
I'm a ghost, it's Tang Yao who came to recruit you for your life
He made me do it
I didn't want you to die.
Don't want me to die
But he created the same car accident as Tang Zhengchu
We were wrong from the start.
You shouldn't hurt people
It's all karma
Everything started to fall apart
I was right, it was Tang Zhengshu who was wrong.
Just based on your line skills
How do you get ahead?
If you don't act well, go back to your hometown to farm
Filial piety to me again and again
He trampled on my dignity again and again
I'm a man, not a beast
Just because you want to be the best actor
Just because you want to take this role
Why are you resting?
Everyone thanks to you
Why are you tired?
A stand-in is nothing. You're a stand-in
I am a newcomer.
I'm Tang Dao's pawn to win the movie award
When did he ever value me?
He deserved it. He deserved it.
You are a pawn
You're a good person.
What about my dad?
What is the road he paved for you?
Take a good look at how much Dangtang has done for you